Documentation for Meal Voucher Issuer endpoints (#645)
mollie/api-documentation: source/reference/v2/profiles-api/enable-meal-voucher-issuer.rst

Enable meal voucher issuer
==========================
.. api-name:: Profiles API
   :version: 2

.. endpoint::
   :method: POST
   :url: https://api.mollie.com/v2/profiles/*id*/methods/mealvoucher/issuers/*issuer*

.. authentication::
   :api_keys: false
   :oauth: true
   :organization_access_tokens: true

.. endpoint::
   :method: POST
   :url: https://api.mollie.com/v2/profiles/me/methods/mealvoucher/issuers/*issuer*

.. authentication::
   :api_keys: true
   :oauth: false
   :organization_access_tokens: false

Enable a meal voucher issuer on a specific or authenticated profile to use it with payments.

Parameters
----------

> Replace ``id`` in the endpoint URL by the profile's ID, for example ``pfl_v9hTwCvYqw`` and ``issuer`` with the name of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Replace ``id`` in the endpoint URL by the profile's ID, for example ``pfl_v9hTwCvYqw`` and ``issuer`` with the identifier of
```

> the issuer's ID you want to activate, for example ``appetiz``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the issuer you want to activate, for example ``appetiz``.
```

.. list-table::
   :widths: auto

   * - ``contractId``

       .. type:: string
          :required: false

     - The contract id of the related contractor. Please note, for the first call that will be made to an issuer of the
       contractor, this field is required. You don't have to provide the same contract id for other issuers of the same contractor.
       Update of the contract id will be possible through making the same call again with different contract id value until the contract id is approved by the contractor.

Response
--------
``201`` ``application/hal+json``

..  list-table::
    :widths: auto

    * - ``resource``

        .. type:: string

      - Indicates the response contains an issuer object. Will always contain ``issuer`` for this endpoint.

    * - ``id``

        .. type:: string

      - The unique identifier of the meal voucher issuer.

    * - ``description``

        .. type:: string

      - The full name of the meal voucher issuer.

    * - ``status``

        .. type:: string

>       - The status that the issuer is in. Possible values: ``pending-issuer`` or ``activated``.

Reviewer: This can be `pending-boarding` as well right?

Author: `pending-boarding` is a status for the payment method which is in this case meal voucher, not for the issuer, right?

Reviewer: But what will the issuer return when I try to active it without going through any of the onboarding? Because it's neither activated nor is it waiting on the issuer. 

I noticed I didn't catch this for the giftcard endpoint either btw. Just tested what happens there, and we give back `pending-issuer`. But even if the issuer activates the method, we won't activate it on our side.

This will be confusing. It's not the fault of the docs PR though, so consider it non-blocking. We might have to take an issue into the current or next sprint to get this resolved.

Author: I have another issue on my plate also related to listing meal voucher and gift card issuers which is something we can discuss together with this one for the next sprint 👍

           :widths: auto

           * - ``id``

               .. type:: string

             - The id of the contractor

           * - ``name``

               .. type:: string

             - The name of the contractor

           * - ``contractId``

               .. type:: string

             - The contract id of the contractor.

    * - ``_links``

        .. type:: object

      - An object with several URL objects relevant to the meal voucher issuer. Every URL object will contain an ``href`` and
        a ``type`` field.

        .. list-table::
           :widths: auto

           * - ``self``

               .. type:: URL object

             - The API resource URL of the meal voucher issuer itself.

           * - ``documentation``

               .. type:: URL object

             - The URL to the meal voucher issuer retrieval endpoint documentation.

Request
^^^^^^^
.. code-block-selector::
  .. code-block:: bash
      :linenos:

      curl -X POST https://api.mollie.com/v2/profiles/pfl_v9hTwCvYqw/methods/mealvoucher/issuers/cadeaupass \
           -H "Authorization: Bearer access_Wwvu7egPcJLLJ9Kb7J632x8wJ2zMeJ" \
           -H "Content-Type: application/json" \

>            --data-raw '{ "contractId": "foo" }'

Reviewer: Let's make this `abc123` instead of `foo` to make it more "ID-like"
